docs(apisix): updated how-to-guides titles; updated how-to-guide Vault (#158)
api7/docs: apisix_versioned_docs/version-3.2.0/how-to-guide/authentication/implement-sso-with-oidc-and-keycloak.md

---

> title: Implement SSO with OIDC and Keycloak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Set Up SSO with OIDC and Keycloak
```

> title: Implement SSO with OIDC and Keycloak

Reviewer: Better to use "Set Up SSO with OIDC and Keycloak"

> slug: /how-to-guide/authentication/implement-sso-with-oidc-and-keycloak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: /how-to-guide/authentication/set-up-sso-with-oidc-and-keycloak
```
